Title: Program Manager
Company: CRYOPORT SYSTEMS
Location: Remote, US (Remote)
Score: 10
URL: https://cryoport.wd12.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/external/job/Remote---USA/Program-Manager_JR101549

Cryoport Systems is the life science industry’s most trusted provider of supply chain solutions for temperature-sensitive materials, serving biopharmaceutical, IVF and surrogacy and animal health organizations around the world. Cryoport Systems' proprietary Cryoport Express® shippers, Cryoportal® Logistics Management Platform, leading-edge Smartpak™ Condition Monitoring System and geo-sensing technology paired with unparalleled logistics expertise and 24/7/365 customer support, make Cryoport Systems the end-to-end temperature controlled supply chain partner that you can trust. POSITION SUMMARY The client-facing Program Manager plays a key role in executing strategies, maintaining timelines, and coordinating resourcing with cross-functional partners to support client relationship development, project and program planning, implementation, and management. This will range from development of the project requirements, documentation aspects of setting up the project and management of all project-related activities through completion. Program Managers act in a consultative role to offer clients solutions to projects and services and will collaborate with internal teams to meet client expectations and Cryoport Systems' goals. This is a contract position with an estimated duration of 6-9 months. There may be an opportunity for a full-time conversion based on business needs and performance. This role follows East Coast hours and may require support for European time zones. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Program Management Serve as a key contact for clients and provide operational support for client projects by facilitating internal and external program communications. Develop Project Plans, Invoice Reports, Presentations and other final Project Deliverables to support execution of projects and business/performance reviews for client programs. Coordinate and lead meetings and on-site visits as required, including but not limited to project scoping, kickoff, planning, report/analysis and closeout meetings, and provide timely provision of customer reports and updates. Measure project and program performance using Project Management tools and techniques to monitor progress, identify and quantify variances and perform any required corrective actions. Monitor and drive client specific, program-related revenue recognition and immediately report any gap from projected targets. Oversee the closeout of projects and identify lessons learned to aid in continuous improvements to refine products and service offerings - including net promoter score and other metrics. Communicate with cross-functional teams regarding current and upcoming projects, resource needs and timelines. Support cross-functional business process improvement activities as required. Operations Support Select suppliers/service providers and monitor the delivery of custom services and products as required to support the client project. Support training, including cross-training for other employees in the organization where and when appropriate. Serve as the central point of contact for client projects and provide operational support including facilitating all program communications internally and externally and leading cross-functional teams in managing multiple project plans and client commitments. Support Operations and Quality Assurance teams with issue submission, investigation, closure and final reporting of deviations and complaints related to active projects and client studies. Support the writing and review of departmental SOPs and Work Instructions within the Cryoport Systems Quality Management System (QMS). May serve support operational tasks (e.g. system setup, shipment management) as required by their specific department and service offerings. Commercial Support Analyze the client's needs in terms of feasibility and profitability. Design and develop technical and financial solutions in commercial and technical proposals. Provide data and technical input to the Business Development team and Proposal Manager to support completion of proposal and technical agreements. Monitor and ensure compliance with time and delivery of all contractual commitments as stipulated in client agreements such as MSAs, SOWs and Quality Agreements. Ensure customer needs are properly translated into quotation and has the responsibility to monitor and amend the project quote and budget as required. Work closely with the Business Development and Customer Service teams to gain overall customer satisfaction. Support and coordinate client program communications to senior leadership for reporting forecasts and revenue budgets, strategic opportunities and facilitate team decision-making for client-escalated issues and client-driven program expansion opportunities. COMPETENCIES: Excellent communications, organization and analytical skills with high attention to detail Self-starter, resourceful and ability to work collaboratively and motivate others to action Strong business acumen, communication and presentation skills Ability to meet deadlines consistently and focus on priorities Ability to address delicate situations and effectively manage conflict to maximize project team progress Capability to support operational excellence Ability to build customer commitment Creative and innovative thinker Excellent interpersonal skills Focused on continuous personal and professional development Familiar with global logistical requirements and intricacies. Professional with high attention to detail and focus on client success Results driven, high attention to detail and process-oriented with the ability to meet deadlines consistently and manage multiple projects simultaneously Enthusiasm for service provided within a collaborative team framework Flexible and adaptable with strong customer management and relationship building skills Understanding of GMP/GxP requirements and other globally regulated standards. Proven leadership while having the ability to delegate tasks to appropriate project teammates Ability to manage stress and deadlines in a highly dynamic environment Capable of identifying project risks and managing project issues proactively Passion for, and alignment with, Cryoport's mission A change agent and strong collaborator who is not afraid of challenging status quo An individual who brings strong core values, quality, ethics and integrity A collaborative team player who embraces and champions the culture Strong work ethic and ability to deliver results and meet commitments in a dynamic environment Exceptional and dynamic verbal and written communication skills with the ability to inspire and influence people at all levels, build consensus and commitment, and effectively drive change throughout the organization at a rate that fits the corporate culture Exceptional organizational and plannings skills, strong analytical abilities, and process orientation Demonstrates a business process orientation to developing solutions QUALIFICATIONS &amp; EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: A bachelor's degree in a technical discipline is required. Major/Concentration in Life Sciences, Biopharmaceutical or related healthcare field is highly preferred but not required. Previous experience in Pharmaceutical, Biopharmaceutical Logistics, Supply Chain and/or Clinical Supply Management is highly preferred. Proven 1-2 years of work experience in client-facing roles with the ability to talk dynamically and professionally in front of internal and external stakeholders. Minimum 4 years of work experience in general Project and Program Management, or equivalent combination of relevant education and work experience Recommended (but not required) certifications include PMP, Scrum Master, Lead Six Sigma (Green Belt or above). Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications or similar (Excel, Work, PowerPoint). Proficiency in Project Management Software (Microsoft Project, Jira, Zoho, Smartsheet, Asana or similar). Familiar with Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications (Salesforce, NetSuite or similar). Understanding of GMP/GxP requirements. Relative functional experience per department as follows: BioLogistics: experience in managing client programs for clinical studies and commercial therapies, previous biopharma, CRO, CDMO and biotech experience in client-facing roles including account management, alliance management and client services and strategic program or portfolio management Cryoport, Inc. is redefining temperature controlled supply chain support for the life sciences industry by continually broadening its platform of solutions, serving the biopharma, reproductive medicine and animal health markets. Through its family of companies — Cryoport Systems, MVE Biological Solutions and Cryogene — Cryoport provides strategic solutions that will support the growing needs of these markets.