Title: Application Specialist
Company: Motorola Solutions
Location: Texas Remote Work, More...
Score: 7
URL: https://motorolasolutions.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Texas-Remote-Work/Application-Specialist_R64478
Application URL: https://motorolasolutions.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Texas-Remote-Work/Application-Specialist_R64478

Company Overview
At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department OverviewFocusing on the RapidDeploy product line leading cloud-native platform for public safety. We provide Next Generation 911 solutions that deliver intelligent information throughout the emergency response journey, empowering agencies and first responders to drive better outcomes in mission-critical situations. With a curated partner network, our platform combines mobile signals, critical datasets, and call information into a single operating system, improving emergency response with location accuracy, situational awareness, modern communications, and actionable insights. Our products improve outcomes and ultimately save lives.

Job Description
As an Application Specialist, you will support implementation efforts for RapidDeploy product lines, including Radius Plus (Assist), Eclipse, and Lightning. You will own technical aspects of standing up customer environments, including customer data sourcing, profile builds, and platform configuration activities to ensure that new customer environments are set up accurately and completely, based on project scope and requirements. 

Responsibilities: 

Lead and support technical tasks of product implementations, including customer data sourcing, profile builds, and platform configuration

Support implementation activities, at the direction of Project Managers, to efficiently deploy new customers on RapidDeploy products

Support and execute technical implementation activities, including configuration tasks, data analysis, and data onboarding

Provide direct support to client stakeholders (across all organizational levels) to coordinate implementation activities, including data sourcing, profile build, and platform configuration activities

Coordinate implementation activities across internal groups, including Product, Engineering, and Customer Success, to drive efficient and accurate deployments of customer environments

Digest product and technical documentation and assist in translating information into deployment processes and activities

Contribute to the productization of data sourcing, profile build, and configuration processes to enable scalability and consistency in the future

Proactively identify and communicate implementation risks to the project manager and other internal stakeholders, as appropriate

Become an expert in the functional operation of RapidDeploy products in order to explain application features and workflows in detail to customers

Qualifications:

Experience implementing SaaS software products/applications (highly preferred)

Understanding of Cloud-native application architecture and experience deploying and configuring Cloud-native applications for end-users (highly preferred)

Experience working in modern work/task management tools (ex. Azure DevOps, JIRA, Zendesk)

Strong attention to detail and ability to focus on quality over quantity

Excellent communication skills (customer-facing and internal), ability to collaborate with team members with different backgrounds

Experience serving the Public Safety industry preferred

Experience configuring and deploying public safety software preferred

Target Base Salary Range: $85,000 - $95,000 USD

Consistent with Motorola Solutions values and applicable law, we provide the following information to promote pay transparency and equity. Pay within this range varies and depends on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The actual offer will be based on the individual candidate.

#LI-LD

Basic Requirements

4+ years in an implementation specialist or similar role, working on deploying software for customers

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. indefinitely is required. Employer work permit sponsorship is not available for this position.

Travel RequirementsUnder 10%

Relocation ProvidedNone

Position TypeExperienced

Referral Payment PlanYes

Our U.S. Benefits include:

Incentive Bonus Plans

Medical, Dental, Vision benefits

401K with Company Match

10 Paid Holidays

Generous Paid Time Off Packages

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Paid Parental & Family Leave

and more!

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic. 

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.