Title: Business Analyst - SaaS
Company: Motorola Solutions
Location: Texas Remote Work, More...
Score: 7
URL: https://motorolasolutions.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Texas-Remote-Work/Business-Data-Analyst---SaaS_R64689-1
Application URL: https://motorolasolutions.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Texas-Remote-Work/Business-Data-Analyst---SaaS_R64689-1

Company Overview
At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department OverviewDigital Recognition Network (DRN), a Motorola Solutions company. DRN is a data analytics company that provides vehicle location data, License Plate Recognition and analytics to auto lenders, insurance carriers and other commercial verticals. We are looking to grow our team, which supports our Tri-Brand: DRN, MVTrac, and SCM.

With over 40 Billion rows of license plate and geospatial data, Digital Recognition Network https://drndata.com/ maintains the largest database of scans in the industry, supporting our Tri-Brand portfolio: DRN, MVTrac, and SCM. Our Product Management unit is responsible for producing and implementing software products for clients across all commercial verticals.

Job Description
NOTE: This position is fully remote anywhere in the United States.
For more information please review Digital Recognition Network below: https://drndata.com/

Summary
The Business Analyst will play a critical role in providing enterprise-level support and service for company products and ensuring operational performance meets program and delivery standards. This role focuses on translating business functions into system requirements, generating key data-driven reports, and developing integrated business analyses to inform strategic decision-making across the organization

Job Description

Client Service & Relationship Management: Plan and oversee enterprise-level support and service activities for designated clients. Act as the single point of contact to coordinate service incident resolution, manage technical issue escalations, and drive the use of proactive support mechanisms to minimize client downtime.

Data Analysis & Reporting: Generate ad hoc reports and regular datasets for end-users utilizing system tools, database, and data warehouse queries and scripts. Integrate data from multiple sources to produce required data elements.

System & Tool Maintenance: Program and maintain report forms, information dashboards, data generators, canned reports, and other end-user information portals or resources. May create specifications for reports based on business requests.

Business Process Improvement: Determine and document operational objectives by studying business functions, gathering information, and evaluating output requirements and formats.

Requirements & Workflow Documentation: Construct workflow charts and diagrams, study system capabilities, and write detailed specifications.

Strategic Analysis: Prepare technical reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Interpret, evaluate, and interrelate research data to develop integrated business analyses and projections for incorporation into strategic decision-making.

Control Implementation: Recommend and implement controls by identifying problems and writing improved procedures and process modifications.

Highly Preferred Qualifications

SaaS Expertise: Deep technical knowledge of enterprise SaaS products with a proven ability to investigate, replicate, and resolve complex system issues.

Systems Optimization: Demonstrated success in analyzing current practices and designing effective modifications to enhance system performance.

Analytical Reporting: Strong technical reporting skills, including the ability to synthesize complex data sets into clear summaries and trend analyses.

Business Intelligence: Professional experience developing integrated business analyses and long-term projections.

Relationship Management: Exceptional communication skills with a focus on managing client relationships and collaborating cross-functionally with Sales and Support teams.

Master's Degree in a relevant field

Target Base Salary Range: $80,000 - $90,000 USD

Consistent with Motorola Solutions values and applicable law, we provide the following information to promote pay transparency and equity. Pay within this range varies and depends on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The actual offer will be based on the individual candidate.

#LI-NJ1

#LI-REMOTE

Basic Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field

OR 3 Years in a Business Analyst Capacity

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. indefinitely is required. Employer work permit sponsorship is not available for this position.

Travel RequirementsUnder 10%

Relocation ProvidedNone

Position TypeExperienced

Referral Payment PlanYes

Our U.S. Benefits include:

Incentive Bonus Plans

Medical, Dental, Vision benefits

401K with Company Match

10 Paid Holidays

Generous Paid Time Off Packages

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Paid Parental & Family Leave

and more!

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic. 

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.