Title: Decision Strategy Management – Dialer and Campaign Management Strategist
Company: BMO
Location: REMOTE/TELETRAVAIL, ON, CAN
Score: 7
URL: https://bmo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/REMOTETELETRAVAIL-ON-CAN/Decision-Strategy-Management---Dialer-and-Campaign-Management-Strategist_R260013109-1
Application URL: https://bmo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/REMOTETELETRAVAIL-ON-CAN/Decision-Strategy-Management---Dialer-and-Campaign-Management-Strategist_R260013109-1

Application Deadline:

05/14/2026

Address:
VIRTUAL(R)59 - REMOTE/TELETRAVAIL - ON - BMO

Job Family Group:

Data Analytics & Reporting

Develops and maintains business decision support strategies using analytical solutions to enable high quality, data driven decisions for a designated business portfolio, process, or customer journey. Supports the development of the strategy and roadmap for data quality, data analytics, data modeling, reporting, business intelligence, and the design and development of sophisticated decision frameworks and systems.

Acts as a trusted advisor to assigned business/group.

Guides/assists in the identification and classification of issues; recommends action plans.

Influences and negotiates to achieve business objectives.

Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business.

Assists in the development of strategic plans.

Researches existing or emerging requirements & related best practices to assist and develops recommendations for changes/enhancements.

Leads the development and maintenance of the decision strategy management framework.

Helps determine business priorities and best sequence for execution of business/group strategy.

Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues.

Ensures alignment between stakeholders.

Represents the decision strategy function during internal/external regulatory audits and/or examinations.

Coordinates the management of databases; ensures alignment and integration of data in adherence with data governance standards.

Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations.

Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives.

Leads and integrates the monitoring, measurement & reporting on the status of the decision strategy performance to internal & external stakeholders.

Leads the management of governance meetings and maintenance of governing body mandates, oversight and approval guidelines.

May provide specialized support for other internal and external regulatory requirements.

Provides input into the planning and implementation of ongoing operational programs in support of the decision strategy management framework.

Leads/participates in the design, implementation and management of core business/group processes.

Supports the development and maintenance of system and process documentation / process controls / knowledge assets required for the operation.

Develops and maintains decision strategies using analytics, predictive modeling, simulation, and business rules to optimize business outcomes.

Supports the planning and execution of the change management process including simulation, validation testing and reporting requirements to evaluate the effectiveness of the new or modified strategies. 

Provides advice and guidance to assigned business/group on implementation of analytical solutions.

Develops and maintains in depth knowledge of relevant business strategies, operating requirements, and applicable regulatory or policy constraints.

Works with stakeholders to identify the business requirements, understand the profitability structure, and the expected outcomes.

Works with data owners to discover and select available data sources from internal sources and external vendors (e.g. lending system, payment system, external credit rating system) to fulfill analytical needs.

Supports development and execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders.

Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders.

Ensures alignment between stakeholders.

Supports the maintenance, monitoring, measurement & reporting on the status of the decision-support strategies to internal & external stakeholders.

Summarizes statistical findings and draws conclusions and presents actionable business recommendations. Presents findings & recommendations in a simple, clear way to drive action.

Consults with stakeholders to improve consistency and transparency of the decision-support strategy.

Supports change management of varying scope and type; tasks typically focused on execution and sustainment activities.

Collaborates in the management of databases and provides support for analysis, forecasting and/or data visualization, ensuring adherence with data governance standards.

Monitors and tracks performance; addresses any issues.

Take measured risks while protecting the bank by applying our Risk Management Framework in the execution of your role, in line with our Risk Culture and within our approved Risk Appetite, making sound and risk informed decisions that align to business strategy, protect assets, and adhere to applicable policy documents (Frameworks, Policies, Standards, Procedures and Supporting documents), laws and regulations.

Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus.

Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support.

Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules.

Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations.

Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.

Qualifications:

Typically between 5 - 7 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Product knowledge for the designated business / portfolio – In-depth.

Knowledge of decision strategy frameworks, analytics, and optimization techniques – In-depth.

Knowledge of decision systems, analytics platforms, and business rule engines – In-depth.

Knowledge of modelling & analytics concepts and applications – In-depth.

Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience.

Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth.

Collaboration & team skills - In-depth.

Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth.

Influence skills - In-depth.

Data driven decision making - In-depth.

Salary:

$65,600.00 - $122,600.00

Pay Type: 

Salaried

The above represents BMO Financial Group’s pay range and type.

Salaries will vary based on factors such as location, skills, experience, education, and qualifications for the role, and may include a commission structure. Salaries for part-time roles will be pro-rated based on number of hours regularly worked. For commission roles, the salary listed above represents BMO Financial Group’s expected target for the first year in this position.

BMO Financial Group’s total compensation package will vary based on the pay type of the position and may include performance-based incentives, discretionary bonuses, as well as other perks and rewards. BMO also offers health insurance, tuition reimbursement, accident and life insurance, and retirement savings plans. To view more details of our benefits, please visit: https://jobs.bmo.com/global/en/Total-Rewards

About Us

At BMO we are driven by a shared Purpose: Boldly Grow the Good in business and life. It calls on us to create lasting, positive change for our customers, our communities and our people. By working together, innovating and pushing boundaries, we transform lives and businesses, and power economic growth around the world.

As a member of the BMO team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one – for yourself and our customers. We’ll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we’ll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.

To find out more visit us at https://jobs.bmo.com/ca/en.

BMO is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other’s differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. To request accommodation, please contact your recruiter.

Note to Recruiters: BMO does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. Any unsolicited resumes sent to BMO, directly or indirectly, will be considered BMO property. BMO will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. A recruiting agency must first have a valid, written and fully executed agency agreement contract for service to submit resumes.