Title: Client Project Manager
Company: Workday
Location: None
Score: 8
URL: https://thomsonreuters.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Career_Site/job/Poland-Gdansk/Client-Project-Manager_JREQ199616

Looking to use your project management skills to their full potential? Like the sound of a role allowing you to act as a consultant, delivering and implementing e-invoicing software to a range of global multinational clients? This might be the job for you.

Thomson Reuters are seeking a Client Project Manager to work our ONESOURCE Pagero Professional Service team. In this varied role, you'll lead the successful implementation of e-invoicing solutions for large, multi-national companies. You will be responsible for driving both internal and external project teams - from project initiation through to completion - ensuring delivery within scope, timeline, and budget. Collaborating closely with stakeholders across North America and Europe, you'll showcase your exceptional communication and organizational skills across a range of simultaneous projects.

This is a great role for a proactive, highly organized, and results-driven project manager with a strong understanding of methodologies and a commitment to ensuring client needs are met. You'll thrive in a collaborative environment, demonstrate your ability to lead with autonomy and will excel at anticipating and mitigating project risks. Working on multiple simultaneous projects, you'll be comfortable balancing multiple priorities and fostering strong relationships with your clients.

About the Role

As Client Project Manager at Thomson Reuters, you will:

Lead cross-functional teams, including sales, technical consultants, product development, and other departments, to deliver projects on time, within budget, and to client satisfaction.

Collaborate with clients to understand their needs and expectations, ensuring client satisfaction and long-term relationships.

Define project scope, goals, and deliverables in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.

Plan and manage project timelines, milestones, and deliverables using industry-standard tools and techniques.

Monitor and report on project progress, handling any necessary adjustments to project constraints.

Manage project budgets and financial objectives, ensuring projects are delivered within approved budgets.

Identify, assess, and mitigate project risks throughout the project lifecycle.

Facilitate problem-solving and decision-making processes to resolve project issues.

Ensure all project documentation is complete, current, and stored appropriately.

Adhere to industry best practices, techniques, and standards throughout project execution.

About You

You're a fit for the role of Client Project Manager at Thomson Reuters if your background includes:

Demonstrable experience of leading customer projects, preferably in a global or multinational setting.

Experience working with global customers and managing projects across multiple time zones.

High School diploma or equivalent required; Bachelor's degree preferred.

E-invoicing or ERP implementation experience is a plus.

Excellent English verbal and written communication skills. In this client facing role you will be communicating effectively with clients and internal stakeholders in English.

#LI-KK1

What’s in it For You?

Hybrid Work Model: We’ve adopted a flexible hybrid working environment (2-3 days a week in the office depending on the role) for our office-based roles while delivering a seamless experience that is digitally and physically connected.

Flexibility & Work-Life Balance: Flex My Way is a set of supportive workplace policies designed to help manage personal and professional responsibilities, whether caring for family, giving back to the community, or finding time to refresh and reset. This builds upon our flexible work arrangements, including work from anywhere for up to 8 weeks per year, empowering employees to achieve a better work-life balance.

Career Development and Growth: By fostering a culture of continuous learning and skill development, we prepare our talent to tackle tomorrow’s challenges and deliver real-world solutions. Our Grow My Way programming and skills-first approach ensures you have the tools and knowledge to grow, lead, and thrive in an AI-enabled future.

Industry Competitive Benefits: We offer comprehensive benefit plans to include flexible vacation, two company-wide Mental Health Days off, access to the Headspace app, retirement savings, tuition reimbursement, employee incentive programs, and resources for mental, physical, and financial wellbeing.

Culture: Globally recognized, award-winning reputation for inclusion and belonging, flexibility, work-life balance, and more. We live by our values: Obsess over our Customers, Compete to Win, Challenge (Y)our Thinking, Act Fast / Learn Fast, and Stronger Together.

Social Impact: Make an impact in your community with our Social Impact Institute. We offer employees two paid volunteer days off annually and opportunities to get involved with pro-bono consulting projects and Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) initiatives.

Making a Real-World Impact: We are one of the few companies globally that helps its customers pursue justice, truth, and transparency. Together, with the professionals and institutions we serve, we help uphold the rule of law, turn the wheels of commerce, catch bad actors, report the facts, and provide trusted, unbiased information to people all over the world. 

 

 
Thomson Reuters complies with local laws that require upfront disclosure of the expected pay range for a position. The base compensation range varies across locations.&#xa;&#xa;For Poland, the base compensation range for this role is 115,500 PLN - 214,500 PLN.&#xa;&#xa;Base pay is positioned within the range based on several factors including an individual’s knowledge, skills and experience with consideration given to internal equity. Base pay is one part of a comprehensive Total Reward program which also includes flexible and supportive benefits and other wellbeing programs.&#xa;This role may also be eligible for an Annual Bonus based on a combination of enterprise and individual performance.&#xa;

About Us

Thomson Reuters informs the way forward by bringing together the trusted content and technology that people and organizations need to make the right decisions. We serve professionals across legal, tax, accounting, compliance, government, and media. Our products combine highly specialized software and insights to empower professionals with the data, intelligence, and solutions needed to make informed decisions, and to help institutions in their pursuit of justice, truth, and transparency. Reuters, part of Thomson Reuters, is a world leading provider of trusted journalism and news.

We are powered by the talents of 26,000 employees across more than 70 countries, where everyone has a chance to contribute and grow professionally in flexible work environments. At a time when objectivity, accuracy, fairness, and transparency are under attack, we consider it our duty to pursue them. Sound exciting? Join us and help shape the industries that move society forward.

As a global business, we rely on the unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences of all employees to deliver on our business goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under applicable law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer providing a drug-free workplace.

We also make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and for sincerely held religious beliefs in accordance with applicable law. More information on requesting an accommodation here.

Learn more on how to protect yourself from fraudulent job postings here.

More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com

We welcome applications to our full-time vacancies from all citizens who have been granted protection within the territory of the Republic of Poland under the EU Temporary Protection Directive (subject to proof of status). This is inclusive of:

Ukrainian citizens and their family members residing in Ukraine before 24 February 2022

Third country citizens and stateless persons and their family members with international or equivalent national protection in Ukraine, who had a valid residence permit in Ukraine on 24 February 2022

Citizens of other third countries who were permanent residents in Ukraine on 24 February 2022 in accordance with Ukrainian regulations and who cannot safely and permanently return to their country