Title: Senior Project Manager
Company: Workday
Location: Texas Remote Work, More...
Score: 8
URL: https://motorolasolutions.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Texas-Remote-Work/Senior-Project-Manager_R64245-1

Company Overview
At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department OverviewAt Motorola Solutions, we help people be their best in the moments that matter. We help firefighters see around buildings and police officers see around street corners. Our work is very meaningful, impactful, and cutting edge and we invite you to explore it. We are the Best!

Motorola Solutions is a world leader in the field of professional mobile communications systems, public safety software, and mobile video with an impressive heritage of technological innovations and a global base of installed systems. The group's main business is the implementation of these mission critical systems for Government & Public Safety customers.

Job Description
SVX & AI Deployment Leadership:

Hardware Convergence: Lead the rollout of SVX devices, ensuring seamless Bluetooth/LTE connectivity with APX smart radios and V700/M500 in-car systems.

AI Integration: Oversee the implementation of Assist AI workflows, including Assisted Narrative, automated redaction, and ViQi voice-command integration.

Technical Liaison: Serve as the primary contact between Engineering, Product, and the customer to ensure "eyes-up, hands-free" functionality meets agency needs.

Ecosystem Program Management:

Strategic Oversight: Manage complex, multi-site programs unifying LMR voice, LTE data, video evidence, and AI-driven analytics.

Project Execution: Act as the focal point for all project aspects, delivering contractual scope on schedule and within budget.

Stakeholder Alignment: Influence cross-functional teams across Sales, Engineering, and Product to ensure a "one-ecosystem" delivery.

Change Management: Guide agencies through the transition from separate BWC/RSM devices to the converged SVX platform.

Financial & Performance Management:

P&L Responsibility: Manage program budgets, forecasting, and resource allocation to ensure projects are delivered within margin.

Risk Mitigation: Proactively manage complexities of SaaS/DEMS cloud migrations and hardware refresh cycles.

Project Tools: Utilize PM tools (critical path analysis, change orders, action item logs) to resolve complex project issues.

Preferred Skills:

Team player capable of working effectively with general guidance.

Strong negotiating skills.

Knowledge of wireless/LTE infrastructure and policies regarding retention and chain of custody.

Ability to Gain or or current deep understanding of Body-Worn Camera (BWC) workflows and Digital Evidence Management Systems (DEMS).

Familiarity with AI-assisted software (transcription, object detection, or NLP) is highly preferred.

Demonstrate awareness of PMBOK or PRINCE2 standards.

Exceptional ability to present complex ecosystem strategies to Police Chiefs, City Councils, and internal Executive leadership.

Travel 50 -75% due to the business demands.

Target Base Salary Range: $100,000 - $110, 000 USD

Consistent with Motorola Solutions values and applicable law, we provide the following information to promote pay transparency and equity. Pay within this range varies and depends on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The actual offer will be based on the individual candidate.

Basic Requirements
Required Skills:

High School diploma, Bachelor's degree, plus 4 years of Project/Program Management experience in Telecommunications, Video Security, or Public Safety Technology.

PMP Certification is required.

Must be able to obtain a background clearance as required by our government customers.

#LI-JM3

#LI-REMOTE

Travel Requirements50-75%

Relocation ProvidedNone

Position TypeExperienced

Referral Payment PlanNo

Our U.S. Benefits include:

Incentive Bonus Plans

Medical, Dental, Vision benefits

401K with Company Match

10 Paid Holidays

Generous Paid Time Off Packages

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Paid Parental & Family Leave

and more!

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic. 

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.